JavaScript (v3): CloudWatch Logs Wkflw - Working snapshot. (#5785)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: javascriptv3/example_code/cloudwatch-logs/scenarios/large-query/README.md

# CloudWatch Logs large query

## Overview

> This example shows how to use AWS SDKs to perform a query on CloudWatch logs and get more than the maximum amount of 10,000 logs back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use AWS SDKs to perform a query on CloudWatch logs and get more than the maximum number of 10,000 logs back.
```

> The CloudWatch Logs API is capped at 10,000 records for requests that [read](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_GetLogEvents.html) or [write](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_PutLogEvents.html). GetLogEvents returns tokens for pagination, but [GetQueryResults](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_GetQueryResults.html) does not. This example breaks down one query into multiple queries if more than the maximum amount of records is returned from the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudWatch Logs API is capped at 10,000 records for requests that [read](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_GetLogEvents.html) or [write](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_PutLogEvents.html). GetLogEvents returns tokens for pagination, but [GetQueryResults](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_GetQueryResults.html) does not. This example breaks down one query into multiple queries if more than the maximum number of records are returned from the query.
```

The following components are used in this example:

- [Amazon CloudWatch Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/WhatIsCloudWatchLogs.html) hosts the logs that are queried using the [Amazon CloudWatch Logs API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html).

## ⚠ Important

- Running this code might result in charges to your AWS account.
- Running the tests might result in charges to your AWS account.
- We recommend that you grant your code least privilege. At most, grant only the minimum permissions required to perform the task. For more information, see [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege).
- This code is not tested in every AWS Region. For more information, see [AWS Regional Services](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services).

## Scenario

### Prerequisites

For general prerequisites, see the [README](../../../../README.md) in the `javascriptv3` folder.

> To run this example you need a CloudWatch log group that contains over 10000 logs. You can [create one yourself](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/Working-with-log-groups-and-streams.html), or you can follow the steps in the [Infrastructure and data](#infrastructure-and-data) section. These steps require you to [install or update the latest version of the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example, you need a CloudWatch log group that contains over 10,000 logs. You can [create one yourself](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/Working-with-log-groups-and-streams.html), or you can follow the steps in the [Infrastructure and data](#infrastructure-and-data) section. These steps require you to [install or update the latest version of the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
```

### Infrastructure and data

> Follow the below steps to create the necessary resources in AWS CloudFormation and use the AWS CLI to upload the necessary logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to create the necessary resources in AWS CloudFormation and use the AWS CLI to upload the necessary logs.
```

1. In your local terminal, change directories to [resources](../../../../../workflows/cloudwatch_logs_large_query/resources/).
1. Run `aws cloudformation deploy --template-file stack.yaml --stack-name CloudWatchLargeQuery`
1. Run `./make-log-files.sh`. This will output two timestamps for use in the following step.
1. Run `export QUERY_START_DATE=<QUERY_START_DATE>`. Replace `<QUERY_START_DATE>` with the output from the previous step. Repeat this for `QUERY_END_DATE`.
1. Run `./put-log-events.sh`.

> 1. Wait 5 minutes for logs to settle and to ensure we're not querying for logs that exist in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Wait five minutes for logs to settle and to make sure you're not querying for logs that exist in the future.
```
